README.md, before:

# Steve's readme
The code we care about is the `IHKA` folder. The workflow is as follows
- `sm_MakeAll_getPowerPerChannel` calculates feature files to save to disk as `.dat` files for later use
  - which calls `sm_getPowerPerChannel`
- `sm_PredictIHKA_getAllFeatures` calculates features for the subset of relevant times and save as `.mat` for more immediate use
- `sm_PredictIHKA` trains a model(s?) and computes performance metrics
- `sm_MakeAllSeizurePred` runs model(s?) for all times for all files

**Local Utility scripts used**
- Some functions from the `/helpers` directory
- Buzcode (1)

I've moved these local utility scripts to the (newly created) `/utils/` folder, and then I only append this `utils` folder to the path, bringing functions from these `.m` files into scope. This forces me to move all the local dependencies into this `utils` folder—and nothing else; so that I can know exactly what is and what isn't being used. 

**Matlab Dependencies**
- Signal Processing Toolbox
- Statistics and Machine Learning Toolbox (required by `zscore`)


## Re-factoring the data processing pipeline (/codebase)

I don't think it is will necessarily be beneficial for us to use an OOP paradigm, and it's probably not worth the time and effort it will take to do so. But I do think re-structuring and re-factoring is in order. 
- All variables shared across multiple scripts (e.g. directories) should be kept in a single file and *explicitly* brought into scope. 
- All constant variables names (e.g. directories and variables which do not yet exist containg a list of all features.) should be capitalized. (Also, I'm not sure if this is a Matlab convention but some variables are a mix of snake and camel case which is a bit of an eyesore)
  - This is just a detail but it would be good to have a script automatically updates certain global variables, for instance if there is a variable that keeps stores all of the feature paths and names it would be a neusance to have to update and check it manually each time we add a new feature to the codebase...
- More documentation and comments, especially in a few places, for instance about the features. 
- A more intuitive file structure. I'm envisioning something like this
  - /IHKA/
    - /data/
      - patient_xyz
        - /raw_data/
        - /feature_data/
        - /classification_data/
        - /cache/
    - /src/
      - global_variables.py
      - main.py
      - /compute_feature/
      - /utils/
      - /ml/


## Appendix 

My laptop is not able to handle a full 24 hour recording .edf file due to memory concerns. When I run the matlab script on one of these files my laptop's RAM gets over-full and my computer has to use it's SWAP, which greatly slows computation time. Because the `.edf` file format is not human readable I turned it into a `.csv`, cut out everything except for a 5 minute sample, and saved converted that back into an `.edf`. I assumed that the `.txt` file by the same name is merely full of metadata about the `.edf` and left it unchanged.

Commit message:

readme update, point to docs

README.md, after:

# Steve's readme

## Please view [the docs](https://dcxst.github.io/McKenzieLab/) for more detailed info and discussion

The code we care about is the `IHKA` folder. The workflow is as follows
- `sm_MakeAll_getPowerPerChannel` calculates feature files to save to disk as `.dat` files for later use
  - which calls `sm_getPowerPerChannel`
- `sm_PredictIHKA_getAllFeatures` calculates features for the subset of relevant times and save as `.mat` for more immediate use
- `sm_PredictIHKA` trains a model(s?) and computes performance metrics
- `sm_MakeAllSeizurePred` runs model(s?) for all times for all files

**Local Utility scripts used**
- Some functions from the `/helpers` directory
- Buzcode (1)

I've moved these local utility scripts to the (newly created) `/utils/` folder, and then I only append this `utils` folder to the path, bringing functions from these `.m` files into scope. This forces me to move all the local dependencies into this `utils` folder—and nothing else; so that I can know exactly what is and what isn't being used. 

**Matlab Dependencies**
- Signal Processing Toolbox
- Statistics and Machine Learning Toolbox (required by `zscore`)


## Re-factoring the data processing pipeline (/codebase)

I don't think it is will necessarily be beneficial for us to use an OOP paradigm given that the pipeline is quite specific (not too broad, single pipeline, more vertical than horizontal): I'm trying to abide by the KISS principle here.

- All variables shared across multiple scripts (e.g. directories) should be kept in a single file and *explicitly* brought into scope. 
- All constant variables names (e.g. directories and variables which do not yet exist containg a list of all features.) should be capitalized. (Also, I'm not sure if this is a Matlab convention but some variables are a mix of snake and camel case which is a bit of an eyesore)
  - This is just a detail but it would be good to have a script automatically updates certain global variables, for instance if there is a variable that keeps stores all of the feature paths and names it would be a neusance to have to update and check it manually each time we add a new feature to the codebase...
- More documentation and comments, especially in a few places, for instance about the features. 
- A more intuitive file structure. I'm envisioning something like this
  - /IHKA/
    - /data/
      - patient_xyz
        - /raw_data/
        - /feature_data/
        - /classification_data/
        - /cache/
    - /src/
      - global_variables.py
      - main.py
      - /compute_feature/
      - /utils/
      - /ml/
